Project overview: For this project we used check in data from Gowalla, a social media networking website. Gowalla kept track 
of every time a user logged into a social media platform and recorded the location for each login for each user. We decided to 
do a graph implementation of this data set because of the increasing use of social media in our world today. We found it fascinating 
how much information and data we could use and analyze from a user simply logging into a social networking platform. 
The three main components of this project were: 

1. Breadth First Search (BFS Traversal)
Our breadth first search algorithm was not used alone to create a certain output based on our dataset but was still
proved useful in going through every node in our data if necessary. Similar to all our methods, BFS was thoroughly
tested using a multitude of edge cases and different data sets.  

2. Using Shortest Path Algorithm to calculate the shortest path from two user locations. 
We used our shortest path algorithm, which takes in a graph, a start location, and an end location, and spits 
out the shortest path that could be traveled based on when and where users were on their social media. 

3. Using the Floyd Warshall algorithm and betweenness centrality to find the point most traveled through 
    by going from each node to another on the shortest possible paths. 
Using Floyd Warshall’s algorithm along with the betweenness centrality algorithm, we found that the most traveled
through point in our large data set was the location with latitude 37, longitude –122.

Structure: 

Our dataset can be downloaded from this link here: http://snap.stanford.edu/data/loc-Gowalla.html 

Our graph structure for our data can be found in Graph.h and Graph.cpp. We use a Node struct and an 
Edge struct to structure our data. The Node struct represents each location in the data set, and the 
the edge struct is an edge that is created between two points when a person has travelled between these 
two points. The edge struct contains the two points it connects as well as the distance between the two 
points. Additionally, we have an adjacecy list that that maps each node to a vector that holds all of its 
adjacency nodes.
 
How we read in the file and parse through our data can be found in readFile.h and readFile.cpp. All of our 
methods including project code algorithms can be found in Algorithms.h and Algorithms.cpp. 

We test all the methods we have created in tests.cpp. We ran our tests using 4 testing files: testSmall.txt,
testMedium.txt, testLarge.txt, and testMultiplePaths.txt. The test files include:
     - Tests for the adjacencyList on small and large data sets.
     - Test BFS: test correct traversal on small, medium, and large test files.
     - Test getDistance() helper function returns corect distance.
     - Test shortest path: from one location to itself is zero, test from one edge away, test from two edges away,
       test when given multiple path options, the shortest path was returned. All were tested with small and large
       data sets. 
     - Test Floyd Warshall and Betweeness Centrality on small, medium and large data sets. 

The tests can be ran using the following commands:
     1) making the test file (command: make test)
     2) running test cases (command: ./test)

The main is run in a similar way:
    1) making the main (command: make main)
    2) running test cases (command: ./main)
    
The dataset being used can be altered by changing what is being read into line 20 of main.cpp. For example, if you
want to run "gowalla_data.txt" line 20 would look like such:
    Graph g = f.read("gowalla_data copy.txt");

All the results of tests.cpp and main.cpp will be shown in the terminal after running.
