In the beginning of our project, we discussed a multitude of project goals.
Some stayed steady, others we changed along the way.
After lots of discussion and hard work, we ended up with three project goals that we worked on and completed.  


1. Using Shortest Path Algorithm to calculate the shortest path from NYC and Stanta Cruz. 

We used our shortest path algorithm, which takes in a graph, a start location, and an end location, and spits 
out the shortest path that could be traveled based on when and where users were on their social media.
This method was thoroughly tested with three separate data sets. So, after running on our large set, we discovered 
that the shortest distance was 4139 km. This distance is relatively close to the driving distance between the two locations,
which is approximately 4700 km, which in theory will be longer because driving rarely ever takes you in a straight line,
especially when it comes to driving such a far distance.  

 
2. Using the Floyd Warshall algorithm and betweenness centrality to find the point most traveled through 
    by going from each node to another on the shortest possible paths. 

Using Floyd Warshall’s algorithm along with the betweenness centrality algorithm, we found that the most traveled
through point in our large data set was the location with latitude 37, longitude –122. This method was claimed to be
successful due to our large variety of handwritten tests on multiple different data sets. 


3. Breadth First Search 

Our breadth first search algorithm was not used alone to create a certain output based on our dataset but was still
proved useful in going through every node in our data if necessary. Similar to all our methods, BFS was thoroughly
tested using a multitude of edge cases and different data sets.  

 
Overall, when running our main function, one will see the printed-out adjacency list, showing all the various
locations users were at, as well as the locations they traveled to next from such point (their adjacent locations).
Then, one would see the shortest path algorithm ran, as well as the result from such. Lastly, our Floyd Warshall 
and betweenness centrality method will run and produce the expected output. 
